you
I'm the number one actually I'm the man
that seat and I feel that everybody are
against me but this expression is not I
mean I so of course something that we
have to count on it but I don't think
about that my trick is not to think on
this kind of mirrors in a way that I
think Wyatt a bit calm and I don't get
nervous for anything entering an outside
of great race T is a newcomer for me the
first time that I'm fighting with em I
don't like it's a technique absolutely
it's not the way as I made divider but
for this reason it can be unpredictable
so diseases frontpoint and actually i'm
fighting petrosyan the best fighter in
the world and
I make very big chance to win this fight
I know him like a fighter that he's
going back go back and have good defense
and he I don't see him like a fighter
who's come to fight and make trouble in
the ring you know and that's why I told
him I gonna kick his ass because I come
to fight another place this he has crazy
style his strong install he's motivated
so I think he has the things to defeat
through her loss man and I already met
him once said we're at I beaten and I
know that it's dangerous spider a mainly
for his punch but is a complete fighter
I couldn't sleep for a week when I had
lost that done I I've seen the movie or
30 times and I watch it over and over
again so I don't want to feel that way
again so I want to win this tournament
in a rematch against the epithelia I
expect the I think it going forward
trying to put the pressure on me but I'm
going to put pressure on him yes the
first fight to us was a good fight i won
on points are one everyone and I'm a
plan to do this time the same it was
three years ago so I improvement I am
better now than two years ago so all
which I have feeling when I a rematch
are you feeling I don't know
I won't do 120 present for this time so
i really go for work I fought against
Syria as well I think that is a top
fighter completely different there now
than the road smile that comes from
karate he can it can do good things in
ring but he's the one that he will
surprise the audience on my opinion I'm
the guy who is willing to be number one
to be champion so I will do my best oh
oh this is a no problem for me i have my
friend i have my old friend who think
that i am best so this is important for
me and I'm gonna pro them with my
victory cafeteria is a little bit the
same like me he does a lot but I don't
think he has a lot of power if he stays
busy he's from a few casino other so
it's gotten crazy kicked so I have to
watch out for that yeah this is the
party cake I like so much and one night
day I will
KO with this wiki I love it is my
favorite things I think this is my
important tournament because I'm now
ranked number one by points but I want
to be the real number one by having the
belt not now it's the most important I'm
a sportsman already 16 years so this is
dream for me this is really for 16 years
to be game number one so really
important this is important for me to
win glory light weight or championship
veena magic I at the madison square
garden it's something magic you are in
the mic laser the place where at all the
fighters would like to be I really hope
that the glory I will be three as
glorious as the one that they were
before just to mention one dream camara
just to mention Italian one that did big
things here in New York I'm fine Wayne
Baron you know that's an easy one for me
I think on paper matte Square Garden is
like every fighters dream and the beard
live on Spike TV is something that I've
been hoping and praying and dreaming for
for the sport here in the US I can't
plan my three any different I mean
that's just it man if i sat down and
said okay by my fourth fight I want to
be on white TV and I want to be fighting
the number one guy it would have never
happened like this so I just I'm just
letting my letting my life blowing the
directional supposed to go
I have 65 plus bites I have three world
titles three national titles there's a
professional belts against champions he
has three fights against guys that are
making a pro debut they have one fight
you know I've earned the right to see it
that way and i think that uh you know i
think that it's going to show on
Saturday night it's gonna you're gonna
see a level difference and you know I
wish right now I wish bad things for
laying bare but after the fight I wish
him the best of luck you know with his
career you know I think it's a great
opportunity for him it brings a lot of I
don't think a lot of people say
arrogance but I understand you you know
you got did two different types of
people you got people to have it inside
and don't need to show it till it's time
and you have guys that need to talk
themselves up and you know I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna hinder him for however he
does it but I think Joe brings up you
know he brings excitement man he he
brings that drummer that a lot of people
like and you know I'm a room that calm
that a lot of people may not may not
understand but you know it's gonna be
good you know you got that
no you know I I think I kind of sort of
underestimated somebody once and I got
knocked out and paid for it and it'll
never happen again you know I've
training really hard for this bike I'm
just confident and I'm confident because
I've worked hard we have a good game
plan and we see we see it working you
know I already know the end result of
this Vitamix waiting for the rest of the
world November 23rd I am gonna shock the
world you know guy and that's in God's
plan and that's the plan i'm going to
follow that but either way I'm gonna
come to put on a great show and you know
I just hope that depends who enjoy it
and yeah I do this to women you know not
just to say how I was in the ring is
there's more tape on him than there is
on me so yeah I guess all I did Gloria
is the new combat support here in the US
and the most exciting combat sport in
the world all Americans and people
around the world you want to see combat
sports you want to see stand-up fighting
you want to see the best fighters in the
world tune in to spike TV
you got it tuned in me listen if you
like combat sports if you like guys that
are going to go for it if you like guys
that are hungry this is the sport to
watch you know glory kicks glory World
Series kickboxing you know it's not what
you think we're not wearing those long
pants you know we're coming out there
but something I think it's crap if you
like the UFC if you do your research
most you'll see guys go overseas to work
on your stand-up guys and now you're
going to just see the pure stand up that
those guys go to work on you know
without in the ground so tune in 9 9pm
lives of november 23rd on spike TV